What do you say?
What did you do to me?
Zhang Da Yishi
You don't even know where Yaxue is, do you?
Of course I know that
Why did you deliberately pit me?
Why don't I feel it?
You actually live in the real estate market
How dare you want to break my leg?
Isn't that wicked?
This is just my reaction to treatment, you
Don't trust them.
Uh, this hand is a little numb, just slow down
You can't believe him. Don't you believe me?
Listen to you
Haha, it seems that you can cure it.
This disease is a cure for me
Ok, I'll give you a day.
If you can't cure it, then you close the door
Why does rheumatism consume time?
You're shirking responsibility.
Embarrass me
Listen, don't be mad!